okPlease find the JWT assertion attached to this email as a file.

Regarding your second question about the available accounts accessible with this assertion, we will check and get back to you shortly.
As for the accounts accessible to view the transfer limits using this token, we will review and provide clarification shortly.
We paused the mock service to address some critical functionality tests on our end. While the mock service supports your testing, it has limited our ability to validate and troubleshoot our own functionality effectively.

We’re working to complete these tests quickly and will reconnect the mock service as soon as possible. Thank you for your understand
Subject: Request for Dev Environment Access Next Week

Dear [Client's Name/Team],

The mock service is now reconnected and available in the dev, test, and UAT environments. However, as we continue to finalize our fixes, we will need access to the dev environment for testing next week. Could you confirm if this would work with minimal impact on your side?

We appreciate your patience and understanding as we work through this process.

Best regards,
[Your Name]

We have implemented a redelivery mechanism to handle responses that take longer than 3 minutes, cutting the connection and retrying. Although this has helped reduce the log entries, the issue is not fully resolved.

Thank you for your follow-up. As requested, we have attached the timestamps of our requests (in UTC) for your reference.

To provide further insight, requests and responses typically occur within seconds. However, in some cases, the responses take longer than expected. The request flow is configured with a maximum timeout of 45 seconds, retrying every 3 seconds. After 2-3 retries, we receive the response, confirming that the requests are reaching your endpoint despite initial delays.

We hope this information helps with your investigation. Please let us know if any further details are required.
We encountered an issue where:

1. AdviceWith was not replacing endpoints (e.g., S3) in the test cases.


2. The direct route created by the code generator (rest().to("direct:route1")) was not being hit when invoked using the ProducerTemplate.



Fix:
We introduced an intermediary route:

rest().to("direct:route1")

from("direct:route1").to("direct:route2")

from("direct:route2").to("aws2-s3:bucket-name")

Our network team has extracted logs from the specific edge node we can see you hit on your successful requests, and none of the “Request” timestamps provided below except the timely one, are present. So these requests never reach Akamai and thus never reach us.
 
No request that does reach us takes more than ~300ms to process on our side, and we have matching requests for those timestamps you provide as “Response”, which presumably is your retry that eventually works.
 
In order to debug further, could you please:
 
Confirm which IP address you see when resolving live.tytyuutr.net
Run a wireshark capture on the machine to log the exact network traffic against that IP.
 
This should allow us to see specifically which requests are sent to that IP and compare with the logs on our side. 


After this change, both AdviceWith replacement and ProducerTemplate invocation started working correctly.

This doesn’t seem like the correct fix long-term, but does this help you identify what the root cause might be or remind you of anything related? Let me know your thoughts!
Subject: Request for Network Debugging Assistance

Dear [Team],

I am creating this ticket to request your assistance with the issue detailed below. Please refer to the email chain attached for the complete context.

Summary of Request:

1. Confirm the IP address that live.tytyuutr.net resolves to from our server.


2. Perform a Wireshark capture on the relevant machine to log the exact network traffic to that IP.



This information will help the external team debug further and compare our logs with theirs.

Please let me know if additional details are required
Subject: Reporting Lost Office ID Card

Dear [IT Team/Team Name],

I hope this message finds you well. I am writing to report that I have misplaced my office ID card. After thoroughly checking my bag and home, I have been unable to locate it. I suspect it may have been lost during my drive home from the office.

Details of the ID card:

Name: [Your Full Name]

Employee ID/Number: [Your Employee ID]

Department: [Your Department]


I kindly request your assistance in deactivating the lost ID card to prevent any unauthorized use and issuing a replacement card. Please let me know the procedure I need to follow and if there are any forms or fees involved.

Thank you for your support. Please feel free to contact me if you need any further information.
